css(fix): update :read-only intro (#35060)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_read-only/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`:read-only`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) pseudo-class selects elements (such as text `input` or `textarea`) that are not editable by the user. Elements on which the HTML attribute [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) doesn't have an effect(such as radio, checkboxes, and all other non-form elements) are also selected by the `:read-only` pseudo-class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`:read-only`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) selects elements (such as text `input` or `textarea`) that are not editable by the user. Elements on which the HTML attribute [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) doesn't have an effect (such as `radio`, `checkbox`, and all other non-form elements) are also selected by the `:read-only` pseudo-class.
```

I think it would also be helpful to say this is `:not(:read-write)`, as per the linked spec discussion.

Reviewer: Looking at that PR, I don't think the final change mentioned `:read-write` at all?

I agree the current text is good and we should keep it. I just think additional information about being complementary is useful.

> The **`:read-only`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) selects elements (such as text `input` or `textarea`) that are not editable by the user. Elements on which the HTML attribute [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) doesn't have an effect (such as `radio`, `checkbox`, and all other non-form elements) are also selected by the `:read-only` pseudo-class. In fact, `:read-only` matches anything that {{cssxref(":read-write")}} doesn't match, making it equivalent to `:not(:read-write)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`:read-only`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) selects elements (such as certain {{htmlelement("input")}} types and {{htmlelement("textarea")}}) that are not editable by the user. Elements on which the HTML attribute [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) doesn't have an effect (such as [`<input type="radio">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio), [`<input type="checkbox">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox), and all other non-form elements) are also selected by the `:read-only` pseudo-class. In fact, `:read-only` matches anything that {{cssxref(":read-write")}} doesn't match, making it equivalent to `:not(:read-write)`.
```

> The **`:read-only`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) selects elements (such as text `input` or `textarea`) that are not editable by the user. Elements on which the HTML attribute [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) doesn't have an effect (such as `radio`, `checkbox`, and all other non-form elements) are also selected by the `:read-only` pseudo-class. In short, the `:read-only` and `:not(:read-write)` selectors are equivalent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`:read-only`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) selects elements (such as text `input` or `textarea`) that are not editable by the user. Elements on which the HTML attribute [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) doesn't have an effect (such as `radio`, `checkbox`, and all other non-form elements) are also selected by the `:read-only` pseudo-class. In fact, `:read-only` matches anything that {{cssxref(":read-write")}} doesn't match, making it equivalent to `:not(:read-write)`.
```
